;;;;;;;;; This is an autogenerated file. Don't edit ;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;
;
; A DiagnVar is specified by a Family name (i.e. 'ChDistAve') and an Index (i.e. 671)
;;;;;; housekeeperWFS.L 10/10/13 12:12:53
diagnapp                    string     "housekeeperWFS.L"          ; diagnostic application name
date                        string     "101013121253"          ; when this file has been generated
vars_num               long         47                   ; number of diagnostic variables
vars_family_num        long         47                   ; number of diagnvar family
vars_family_name       array      ; string array containing diagnvars family names
        string       47
        DIAGNAPPINITTIMESTAMP
        DIAGNAPPFRAMETIMESTAMP
        DIAGNAPPFRAMECOUNTER
        DIAGNAPPFASTVARSCOUNTER
        DIAGNAPPSLOWVARSCOUNTER
        DIAGNAPPFRAMERATE
        DIAGNAPPFASTVARSRATE
        DIAGNAPPSLOWVARSRATE
        WGNWHOAMI
        WGNLOGICRELEASE
        WGNSOFTWARERELEASE
        WGNSERIALNUMBER
        BCU39CRATEID
        BCU47CRATEID
        BCU39WHOAMI
        BCU47WHOAMI
        BCU39SOFTWARERELEASE
        BCU47SOFTWARERELEASE
        BCU39LOGICRELEASE
        BCU47LOGICRELEASE
        BCU39ADDRESS
        BCU47ADDRESS
        BCU39FRAMESCOUNTER
        BCU47FRAMESCOUNTER
        BCU39SERIALNUMBER
        BCU47SERIALNUMBER
        BCU39ENABLEMASTERDIAGNOSTIC
        BCU47ENABLEMASTERDIAGNOSTIC
        BCU39DECIMATIONFACTOR
        BCU47DECIMATIONFACTOR
        BCU39REMOTEIPADDRESS
        BCU47REMOTEIPADDRESS
        BCU39STRATIXTEMP
        BCU39POWERTEMP
        BCU47STRATIXTEMP
        BCU47POWERTEMP
        BCU39RESETSTATUSFPGARESET
        BCU39RESETSTATUSBUSRESET
        BCU39RESETSTATUSDSPRESET
        BCU39RESETSTATUSFLASHRESET
        BCU39RESETSTATUSPCIRESET
        BCU47RESETSTATUSFPGARESET
        BCU47RESETSTATUSBUSRESET
        BCU47RESETSTATUSDSPRESET
        BCU47RESETSTATUSFLASHRESET
        BCU47RESETSTATUSPCIRESET
        WGNPOWERTEMP
end

DIAGNAPPINITTIMESTAMP structure   ; diagnvar family name 
        qty         long       1                   ; how many variables in this family
end

DIAGNAPPFRAMETIMESTAMP structure   ; diagnvar family name 
        qty         long       1                   ; how many variables in this family
end

DIAGNAPPFRAMECOUNTER structure   ; diagnvar family name 
        qty         long       1                   ; how many variables in this family
end

DIAGNAPPFASTVARSCOUNTER structure   ; diagnvar family name 
        qty         long       1                   ; how many variables in this family
end

DIAGNAPPSLOWVARSCOUNTER structure   ; diagnvar family name 
        qty         long       1                   ; how many variables in this family
end

DIAGNAPPFRAMERATE structure   ; diagnvar family name 
        qty         long       1                   ; how many variables in this family
end

DIAGNAPPFASTVARSRATE structure   ; diagnvar family name 
        qty         long       1                   ; how many variables in this family
end

DIAGNAPPSLOWVARSRATE structure   ; diagnvar family name 
        qty         long       1                   ; how many variables in this family
end

WGNWHOAMI structure   ; diagnvar family name 
        qty         long       1                   ; how many variables in this family
end

WGNLOGICRELEASE structure   ; diagnvar family name 
        qty         long       1                   ; how many variables in this family
end

WGNSOFTWARERELEASE structure   ; diagnvar family name 
        qty         long       1                   ; how many variables in this family
end

WGNSERIALNUMBER structure   ; diagnvar family name 
        qty         long       1                   ; how many variables in this family
end

BCU39CRATEID structure   ; diagnvar family name 
        qty         long       1                   ; how many variables in this family
end

BCU47CRATEID structure   ; diagnvar family name 
        qty         long       1                   ; how many variables in this family
end

BCU39WHOAMI structure   ; diagnvar family name 
        qty         long       1                   ; how many variables in this family
end

BCU47WHOAMI structure   ; diagnvar family name 
        qty         long       1                   ; how many variables in this family
end

BCU39SOFTWARERELEASE structure   ; diagnvar family name 
        qty         long       1                   ; how many variables in this family
end

BCU47SOFTWARERELEASE structure   ; diagnvar family name 
        qty         long       1                   ; how many variables in this family
end

BCU39LOGICRELEASE structure   ; diagnvar family name 
        qty         long       1                   ; how many variables in this family
end

BCU47LOGICRELEASE structure   ; diagnvar family name 
        qty         long       1                   ; how many variables in this family
end

BCU39ADDRESS structure   ; diagnvar family name 
        qty         long       1                   ; how many variables in this family
end

BCU47ADDRESS structure   ; diagnvar family name 
        qty         long       1                   ; how many variables in this family
end

BCU39FRAMESCOUNTER structure   ; diagnvar family name 
        qty         long       1                   ; how many variables in this family
end

BCU47FRAMESCOUNTER structure   ; diagnvar family name 
        qty         long       1                   ; how many variables in this family
end

BCU39SERIALNUMBER structure   ; diagnvar family name 
        qty         long       1                   ; how many variables in this family
end

BCU47SERIALNUMBER structure   ; diagnvar family name 
        qty         long       1                   ; how many variables in this family
end

BCU39ENABLEMASTERDIAGNOSTIC structure   ; diagnvar family name 
        qty         long       1                   ; how many variables in this family
end

BCU47ENABLEMASTERDIAGNOSTIC structure   ; diagnvar family name 
        qty         long       1                   ; how many variables in this family
end

BCU39DECIMATIONFACTOR structure   ; diagnvar family name 
        qty         long       1                   ; how many variables in this family
end

BCU47DECIMATIONFACTOR structure   ; diagnvar family name 
        qty         long       1                   ; how many variables in this family
end

BCU39REMOTEIPADDRESS structure   ; diagnvar family name 
        qty         long       1                   ; how many variables in this family
end

BCU47REMOTEIPADDRESS structure   ; diagnvar family name 
        qty         long       1                   ; how many variables in this family
end

BCU39STRATIXTEMP structure   ; diagnvar family name 
        qty         long       1                   ; how many variables in this family
end

BCU39POWERTEMP structure   ; diagnvar family name 
        qty         long       1                   ; how many variables in this family
end

BCU47STRATIXTEMP structure   ; diagnvar family name 
        qty         long       1                   ; how many variables in this family
end

BCU47POWERTEMP structure   ; diagnvar family name 
        qty         long       1                   ; how many variables in this family
end

BCU39RESETSTATUSFPGARESET structure   ; diagnvar family name 
        qty         long       1                   ; how many variables in this family
end

BCU39RESETSTATUSBUSRESET structure   ; diagnvar family name 
        qty         long       1                   ; how many variables in this family
end

BCU39RESETSTATUSDSPRESET structure   ; diagnvar family name 
        qty         long       1                   ; how many variables in this family
end

BCU39RESETSTATUSFLASHRESET structure   ; diagnvar family name 
        qty         long       1                   ; how many variables in this family
end

BCU39RESETSTATUSPCIRESET structure   ; diagnvar family name 
        qty         long       1                   ; how many variables in this family
end

BCU47RESETSTATUSFPGARESET structure   ; diagnvar family name 
        qty         long       1                   ; how many variables in this family
end

BCU47RESETSTATUSBUSRESET structure   ; diagnvar family name 
        qty         long       1                   ; how many variables in this family
end

BCU47RESETSTATUSDSPRESET structure   ; diagnvar family name 
        qty         long       1                   ; how many variables in this family
end

BCU47RESETSTATUSFLASHRESET structure   ; diagnvar family name 
        qty         long       1                   ; how many variables in this family
end

BCU47RESETSTATUSPCIRESET structure   ; diagnvar family name 
        qty         long       1                   ; how many variables in this family
end

WGNPOWERTEMP structure   ; diagnvar family name 
        qty         long       1                   ; how many variables in this family
end

